https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-14775 (#7391)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: securing_cluster/securing_cluster_intro.adoc

> [#access-control]
> = Access control

Author: ```suggestion
[#securing-cluster-intro]
= Securing your cluster
```

> Access control might need to manually be created and managed. You must configure _authentication_ service requirements for {acm} to onboard workloads to Identity and Access Management (IAM). For more information, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.16/html/authentication_and_authorization/understanding-authentication[Understanding authentication] in the {ocp-short} documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might need to manually create and manage the access control on your cluster. To do this, you  must configure _authentication_ service requirements for {acm} to onboard workloads to Identity and Access Management (IAM).

 For more information, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.16/html/authentication_and_authorization/understanding-authentication[Understanding authentication] in the {ocp-short} documentation.
```

> Role-based access control and authentication identifies the user associated roles and cluster credentials. You can create and manage your cluster credentials. Credentials are stored as Kubernetes secrets. See the following documentation for information about access and credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the role-based access control and authentication to identify the user associated roles and cluster credentials. You can create and manage your cluster credentials. Access the credentials by going to the Kubernetes secrets where they are stored. See the following documentation for information about access and credentials.
```

[#securing-cluster-intro]
= Securing your cluster

You might need to manually create and manage the access control on your cluster. To do this, you  must configure _authentication_ service requirements for {acm} to onboard workloads to Identity and Access Management (IAM).

>  For more information, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.16/html/authentication_and_authorization/understanding-authentication[Understanding authentication] in the {ocp-short} documentation.

Reviewer 2: Is there a way to not specify a hard coded openshift release?

Reviewer: @gparvin I could simply direct users to this section of the doc, so something like: 

```suggestion
 For more information, see _Understanding authentication_ in the {ocp-short} documentation.
```

However, if we're going to do that, I think we may as well link. With that said, I think this content can be removed since we're not necessarily trying to get users to read openshift docs, and we have other security docs we want to link them to at the end of this page. 

What do you say? Think it's fine to keep as is>

Reviewer 2: You can keep it as is but be aware we ship ACM 2.13 alongside OCP 4.18 so a link to 4.16 is the oldest OCP we still officially would support.  You just need to remember to make sure it stays up to date pointing to one of our supported OCP releases...

Reviewer 3: Due to the N-2 support system, we are actually required to use the oldest OCP links in our doc. We can also remove the link entirely if it's not needed, less links is always better. If we keep it, it would need to stay at 4.16 for the 2.13 doc (we update all OCP link versions every release).

> Use the role-based access control and authentication to identify the user associated roles and cluster credentials. You can create and manage your cluster credentials. Access the credentials by going to the Kubernetes secrets where they are stored. See the following documentation for information about access and credentials.

Reviewer 2: I'm not real sure why we have the sentence: "Access the credentials by going to the Kubernetes secrets where they are stored."  Are we trying to describe some of the content that we link to in our Credentials page?

Reviewer: See my change and let me know if you think the causal relationship is clearer, thanks!
